hello welcome to my channel hey is some
hard tech channel my name's Sarah tease
your hands peachy
how old comfortable is everyone welcome
to another video we are going to talk
about smart TV smart tech smart plugs
we're also gonna talk about the new road
wireless go gonna briefly touch on a new
TV that's here in the office and just a
lot of random stuff maybe some Q&A from
you guys and hey if you're already bored
well you can check out the link in the
description below where you can win up
to $10,000 worth of filmmaking prizes if
you enter the Lucy collective contest
where you take ten lines of a script and
adapt it to your own two-minute
narrative film ten thousand dollars
worth prizes to show me okay
let's hop into it this is a comparison
of the size of the receiver and
transceiver of the old road wireless
filmmaker Live kit that's what they
called it and this is the comparison
size see there's a there's a mic input
yeah you see it yeah so let's see if we
just when we plug in said love if it
just automatically like changes over
I bet the audios great right now could
probably plug this guy or just mount it
in the front
[Music]
protip allure pro tip pro tip wrote a
bowler these things showstoppers stop
the peep show they're they're used to
keep your clothes on basically it's like
a fashion brand filmmaking hack this is
what you use to keep love's on so I'm
using the rode invisi love so it's
basically a silicon outer shell that
allows that like scraping that you hear
when it's underneath close and look it's
like little sticks a gun
[Music]
okay double-sided adhesive we're gonna
put it like right here it's hidden like
right there and now we have a hidden
love house it's um so you can kind of go
back in the video and see how the Mike
from straight from the wireless go
sounds compared with the love from the
FileMaker live kit just plug straight in
boom such a small footprint I love it so
let's kick off this video that's already
10 minutes long with a question an AMA
that I asked you on Twitter and then
we'll get into this ish how my TV plays
into my Smart Office setup and also I
need to plug in some smart plugs so
we'll go through that first question
from Twitter I'll answer them throughout
the video this is a really good question
from Alexandre de Luca if you had one
year unlimited budget and we're
guaranteed your subscribers would stick
around what single video would you make
so if I only had one video it probably a
few videos but for sure I would slow
down the quantity because the pressure
of doing a ton of videos on YouTube to
stay relevant to keep brand money coming
in so I can still make this my job I
have a lot of fun but it's just a lot
sometimes so I would say I was slowed
down and just make one series you can
let me know down below if I should do it
I think I want to take some time next
month like start pre pro for it but I
love the show madman I love you know the
ins and outs of creative agencies and
all of that and I want to do a series
that's basically like modern madman
where I go into creative agencies check
in you know how are these New York
creative agencies going are they are
they all on board for this new wave of
marketing with social media are they you
know still making TV ads I think would
be really interesting go in interview
people I kind of do a modern madman vibe
I'm going to turn to Sarah yesterday
because I actually want to tell you a
little bit about the Apple TV update
that just came out okay so we're gonna
we're gonna go to this TV it is 3:00
p.m. on May 13th let's see if we're able
to download Apple
me tap stamps looking like an ABS you
guys think it would be right on home
screen oh it just automatically download
it see that guys do we want it do we
want to send all of our info to Apple oh
[Music]
okay it looks pretty it looks pretty
look at that I've heard veep is just a
great show good content okay so look we
got show time we got HBO we got all the
things we have the aggregate of what to
watch and then we go down new and
noteworthy interesting interesting
Comedy Central HBO again Cinemax so we
have everything in one place that's the
idea we have trending guy Game of
Thrones is just everywhere but we have
movies mixing it with TV shows new
movies I mean the new Apple TV it looks
pretty it looks looks really good and to
note this is an app we downloaded from
the Samsung App Store I have no look I
have no Apple TV connected I'm very used
to buying those $150 boxes I have an
Apple 4k at home
subscribe look we have oh we have them
live the Apple TV channels HBO Showtime
stars Cinemax
Epic's here it's basically going to be a
conduit to just buy more subscriptions
right the idea is you're doing it
through the Apple TV app search Apple TV
for Game of Thrones well okay so that's
Samsung doing the work so I found two
results for Game of Thrones
[Music]
okay see so if you use Bigsby oh okay
well if you use Bigsby Union if you use
the Samsung software it'll bring up
everywhere where you can watch Game of
Thrones so HBO go and then Apple TV you
can buy it
okay so Samsung does a great job with it
so it looks pretty
it's just darker you know I've used
Apple TV for a minute and it just kind
of has a more homey feel I guess but
what I'm really curious about is with
this new Apple TV with select devices it
actually is gonna have support with
airplay - so these are rolling out -
obviously a lot of different TV
manufacturers but Samsung is the first
partner to get a in according to
nine-to-five Mac airplay to support is
in Samsung HD four and five series only
TVs from 2018 and 2019 the Samsung Q LED
4k Q 6 Q 7 Q 8 q 9 series Samsung ql 88
KQ 9 series that's what this is Samsung
the frame series the Seraph series UHD
six seven eight series so the last thing
I want to try is actually this airplay
to support because that's the only
reason I really bought an Apple TV I'm
very used to the Samsung home screen you
can have all of your apps down here like
I'm used to that so I access everything
through this but I would buy an Apple TV
just to have the airplay just so I can
throw photos up from my iphone I'm
hanging out with friends so we have the
updated iPhone we've restarted the TV
we've made sure we're on the same Wi-Fi
network and now it's time to test out
airplay - on the you know Samsung
compatible TVs Samsung is the only one
that has this right now if the other TV
is Sony and I'm sure everything will
come later
let's just be like hey guys did you see
my last podcast with Lizzie Pearce let's
just throw it up you know on the screen
real quick all right so we're gonna
shoot up this video of Lizzie drop in
the knowledge of my podcast we're gonna
click airplay
oh look Samsung Q 900 series whoa there
it is I'm gonna press play
I think you have to oh you want to
travel the world for free cool great see
it says airplay no need to buy Apple TV
great hey guys want to see a really cool
Lego thing this is a really fancy
building oh wow
how cool is that that it was like this
little pop-up of this Lego artist who
like rebuilt New York's most iconic
buildings and Lego let's see does this
just imagine the presentations hi guys
thank you for coming here to my office
today I'm presenting to you about Lego
so if you see right here if you zoom in
this is a 45-foot Lego and we're just
gonna swipe over oh that's you guys
don't know what that is yet
we're living in a big Content bubble
which means it's good for the consumer
we have a lot of stuff to watch that's
exciting
are you watching me on YouTube though
that's the most important question so
this Apple TV app right it's like on my
iPhone now so on my iPhone though it's
it's popping up my prime video like I'm
watching the Americans right now so
that's right it has all of my prime
video data which it doesn't have on the
TV that's confusing you know I think the
lesson to learn is with all this I think
it's gonna be a show for a while
and TV is still this wild wild west so
just find something that works for you
okay let's plug in some smart plugs but
also I just want to say a few more
things about that contest I said earlier
I'm working with we'll see this year and
helping them out with content and doing
contests with with that I'm interviewing
every single talent every single month
this month it's Maddy Brown who actually
has the most Vimeo staff picks out of
anyone so he wrote you a script all you
have to do is use at least ten lines of
his script and make a beautiful
narrative film but I mean you know if
you're thirsty for more content I also
do like hour-long interviews with these
amazing filmmakers so you can click that
link in the description below as well he
gets into some super cool insights and
like I said before 10k worth of prizes
so shout out to Lucy for sponsoring
these epic contest okay so smartflex
where they be this is how I control my
neon peach my refrigerator and my AC
unit so those are all things that are
super handy to turn on and off via the
home pod and via Samsung smartthings
we've actually been using that lately so
I think it's time to finally set these
up again it's a great party trick to be
like hey Siri turn on the peach and then
it turns on and then every you know the
people are like super all right we have
one smart plug plugged in I'm gonna go
to home home kit because I already had
these plugged in there already and my
hunk it but the wrong names watch this
hey Siri turn off the TV
so we're going to change that name we're
gonna edit it so these are just using I
home smart plugs like super basic $20
accessories you can buy an Amazon and
you can link them up to home kit via
Apple or smart things with samsung
devices you can press on and off in the
app or you can link up Siri and talk to
it via your home pod hey Siri turn off
the peach so that's always fun
automation also something you can do in
the home app create automation it'd be
cool when I arrived everything turns on
or at least the peach turns on oh and
then when I leave the peach turns off
let's say people arrived action select
scenes and accessories to automate so
let's just say the peach next okay so
when I leave we're gonna turn it off
test automation there we go and it just
turned off okay so when I arrive
when I leave boom because I'm gonna be
honest saying it too serious just too
much work for me I'm gonna leave and
you're gonna see if it turns on and off
the peach is on and I'm leaving I feel
like I'm gonna have to walk like outside
the building can we just fake this I
don't want to do this movie magic Oh
fine what I do for you people out there
I don't want to go outside outside is my
enemy you can't edit videos outside
[Music]
literally had to walk like six blocks
and a turn back done yeah smart things
do you guys care about smart things it's
raining outside how dead you New York
this is the new Samsung Tab 5e it's very
slim it looks very good it's very long
I'm not used to a tablet being this long
there's a minimal bezels which is nice
should we just see what YouTube looks
like it gets loud so it really functions
it like treats its cell phone I'm never
gonna go home
anyways let's see if we can also connect
all these things to the smart things app
and show it on our beautiful big TV Oh
import your iHome devices Oh use
official I home app just um okay oh wait
okay I home plugs were automatically
detected that was nice I actually didn't
have to install the I home app we're
gonna save him oh look at that okay cool
so let's shoot this up onto a vine
Samsung TV yeah
controller yeah yeah yeah yeah smart
thing smart things looking like a the
cool thing about hooking up to smart
things is it's automatically on the TV
went once you click on it look at that
oh cool so you can set scenes from here
it actually auto updated to the app on
my tab so let's turn it on from here and
it's back on so it updates really well
in between the tab and between the smart
things app on the TV
so obviously the scenes are gonna come
in super handy if you have this for
coordinating different rooms in a home
if you have multiple smart devices you
want one hub Apple home Samsung
smartthings I mean there's so many
options no matter if your team Samsung
team Apple team Google we didn't even
talk about Google home and all the
things that that entails there's just
options we got options as consumers
which is good that's exciting I think
it's time to answer another question can
we answer another question this is the
most random video ever welcome to my
channel it's usually more focused than
this how dare I post a video other than
the 1 plus 7 Pro I write question
question hole if you could change
humanities perspectives on one thing
what would it be
carbs are not bad have a little bagel in
really why did Sarah DG stop vlogging um
this is actually a good question I did
not like it
oh the fridge is on can you hear it
should we turn it off hey Siri turn the
refrigerator off
okay well the fridge was off that worked
out great practical I'm curious if you
guys own the audience actually use smart
things in your home a lot I know it's me
my main uses at home is I have an Alexa
and I can control my Phillips hue lights
which are really nice and as a certain
moon I definitely want to add more of a
lighting situation in here but hey
that's again tomorrow's problem so yeah
let me know if you have any like
suggestions on how to automate things in
my office or my home that you think
maybe I'm not doing because I'm always
game for those things the peach
refrigerator smart plugs I'm all about
that life so we're gonna wrap up this
video with the last question thanks for
following me on Twitter and asking the
good questions we're gonna wrap it up
with what do you think will be the most
important channels in a few years from
now what is worth starting YouTube
Instagram podcasts well you never know
but things are never forever right when
I was in college for electrical
engineering not having a clue what I
wanted to do in life I had no idea
YouTube was something you know in
2011-2012 that you could have a job in
this is like my job it's crazy it's fun
it's a lot of work but regardless of
what the state of social media was what
video was during that time I was just
pursuing what I love to do and that's
making videos I was making some boring
corporate videos I was uploading my
unboxing videos on YouTube and so
there's there's luck involved in it you
know I want to say yes I worked hard I
found a niche I did my thing I followed
my passion but there was luck involved
YouTube was just becoming a job for
people and I entered the market when a
lot of these tech brands wanted kind of
a slice of the attention and they knew
how to approach youtubers and work with
them so I think one is just doing you by
what you like to do in the creative
fields and just adapt to the world what
is hip and happening YouTube I don't
think is going anywhere anytime soon
however I'm always skeptical of anything
Facebook touches so the fact that
Facebook owns Instagram you know I'm
always like well who knows who knows
YouTube will always be bolstered on the
world's best search engine Google and
that's not going away anytime soon
Instagram well people could get bored
and just switch to tick tock tomorrow
you never know so always be on your feet
but always be pursuing what you're
interested in and then don't be romantic
about the platforms that are out there
just adjust adjust to the times it's
something that was talking about with
John actually recently is no matter you
know there's there's this balance that
you have to follow with following your
passion and also just paying the bills
and having a job and even if you're
following your passion per se it's not
all gonna be rainbows and butterflies
I'm always about just increasing the
percentage of having fun so for me like
it's 60 percent work and 40 percent like
having fun what is my life oh my god I
got a free crazy TV this is so cool and
I think that person in just like 1% in a
lot of people's lives so that helps me
give perspective on like life is good
right was that a five minute answer is
this a 20 minute video goodness gracious
for that person who is like why doesn't
Sarah blog anymore this is my new
version of what a blog is staying in one
place in my office talking to you guys
and not worrying about offering inherent
value but hopefully I did okay let me
know if you like this video hit that
subscribe button down below for new
videos every single week and new video
about that crazy TV I have on my wall
very soon so you should make sure to
subscribe stay BG okay